IMO, the influence of Stalin, or for that matter, Ayn Rand, invalidates your assumption that theism is the factor to be considered.
Gullibility, blind obedience to authority, lack of scepticism, and so on, are all more reliable indicators.
And the really dangerous people - the sources of fanaticism - are often none of these things.
They are cynical manipulators of the gullible, who know precisely what they are doing.
Now, *some* brands of theism, and more precisely *some* theists, do tend to fanaticism, I grant you.
To tar all theists with this brush is bigotry, not a reasoned argument - and it reads to me like a warm-up for censorship and restriction of religious freedom.
Ever read Animal Farm?
| (2) Define "irrational belief".
e.g., is it rational to believe that | reason is always useful?
| | |Irrational belief is belief that is not based upon reason.
The latter has |been discussed for a long time with Charley Wingate.
One point is that |the beliefs violate reason often, and another that a process that does |not lend itself to rational analysis does not contain reliable information.
Well, there is a glaring paradox here: an argument that reason is useful based on reason would be circular, and argument not based on reason would be irrational.
The first part of the second statement contains no information, because you don't say what "the beliefs" are.
If "the beliefs" are strong theism and/or strong atheism, then your statement is not in general true.
The second part of your sentence is patently false - counterexample: an axiomatic datum does not lend itself to rational analysis, but is assumed to contain reliable information regardless of what process is used to obtain it.
|Compared the evidence theists have for their claims to the strength of |their demands makes the whole thing not only irrational but antirational.
I can't agree with this until you are specific - *which* theism?
To say that all theism is necessarily antirational requires a proof which I suspect you do not have.
|The affinity to fanatism is easily seen.
It has to be true because I believe |it is nothing more than a work hypothesis.
However, the beliefs say they are |more than a work hypothesis.
I don't understand this.
Can you formalise your argument?
-- Frank O'Dwyer 'I'm not hatching That' odwyer@sse.ie from "Hens", by Evelyn Conlon
