You have to pick the right procedure, and note its importance.
You've got to value it.
I can do perfectly good science without valuing the procedure.
But you're just overloading the term "value" again.
Judgement of the validity of a procedure is not the same as judgement of how preferable a certain action is, and just because the word "value" can be applied to both doesn't make it so.
You might as well assert that "number theory is based on values."
Otherwise you don't care about actual truth, and shouldn't object to the statement "objectivism is true".
This is a complete non sequiter.
Now if we're valuing procedures subjectively, and science is a procedure, science cannot be valued non-subjectively.
You're just overloading the word value, AGAIN, I suspect.
If we're picking facts and hypotheses subjectively, then we are using a maybe-not-quite-sure method on maybe-not-quite-sure observations.
That should lead to maybe-not-quite-sure results, no?
The fact that it does not seem to might make one question the premise, which is that our subjective valuations are necessarily unreliable.
I don't understand your point here.
What do you mean by "not quite-sure observations?"
It gets observed all the time that if you don't buy into a whole series of assumptions about how science is done, the results become meaningless.
If you're suggesting that because science is allegedly chosen 'subjectively' the results have to be inconsistent, that's silly.
#Like I said before, DES works whether I value my privacy or #not.
The abstract function DES?
that stops working in any important sense if no-one cares for the importance of truth, mathematics, meaning, information, etc.
A DES chip or DES s/w?
That stops working in any important sense if no-one values science, objective reality, etc.
DES does not work in a value vacuum.
Nothing else does, either.
This is just truth by blatant assertion.
Your "in any important sense" seem to be just weasel words.
Imagine that I have a box which accepts 16 bytes and uses the first 8 to ECB the second 8.
It still does a perfect job of DESing, whether or not any input is being made at the time--whether or not anyone values mathematics.. -Ekr -- Eric Rescorla ekr@eitech.com Would you buy used code from this man?
