We see this countless times in the animal kingdom, and such a "natural" system is the basis for our own system as well.
Well, our moral system seems to mimic the natural one, in a number of ways.
Please describe these "number of ways" in detail.
Then explain the any contradictions that may arise.
In order for humans to thrive, we seem to need to live in groups, Here's your problem.
"we *SEEM* to need".
What's wrong with the highlighted word?
Is it possible for humans to survive for a long time in the wild?
Yes, it's possible, but it is difficult.
Humans are a social animal, and that is a cause of our success.
and in order for a group to function effectively, it needs some sort of ethical code.
This statement is not correct.
Why don't you think so?
Explain the laws in America stating that you have to drive on the right- hand side of the road.
And, by pointing out that a species' conduct serves to propogate itself, I am not trying to give you your tautology, but I am trying to show that such are examples of moral systems with a goal.
Propogation of the species is a goal of a natural system of morality.
So anybody who lives in a monagamous relationship is not moral?
After all, in order to ensure propogation of the species, every man should impregnate as many women as possible.
As noted earlier, lack of mating (such as abstinence or homosexuality) isn't really destructive to the system.
It is a worst neutral.
So if every member of the species was homosexual, this wouldn't be destructive to the survival of the species?
For that matter, in herds of horses, only the dominate stallion mates.
When he dies/is killed/whatever, the new dominate stallion is the only one who mates.
These seems to be a case of your "natural system of morality" trying to shoot itself in the figurative foot.
Again, the mating practices are something to be reexamined...
The whole "theory" needs to be reexamined... -- =kcochran@nyx.cs.du.edu | B(0-4) c- d- e++ f- g++ k(+) m r(-) s++(+) t | TSAKC=My thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza.
